OSSM 6707- Update cert-manager doc for OCP cert-manager's supported istio-csr (#94843)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-installing-cert-manager.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service-mesh-docs-main/install/ossm-cert-manager.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-installing-cert-manager_{context}"]

> = Integrating Service Mesh with the cert-manager Operator using the Istio-CSR agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Integrating Service Mesh with the cert-manager Operator by using the Istio-CSR agent
```
- See IBM Style Word Usage: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#using
- Should "Istio-CSR" be capitalized as shown? In the body text, it's all lowercase.

> You can integrate cert-manager with the {SMProduct} by deploying the `istio-csr` and configuring an `{istio}` resource that uses the `istio-csr` agent to process workload and control plane certificate signing requests. The following procedure creates a self-signed `issuer` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can integrate the cert-manager Operator with {SMProduct} by deploying the `istio-csr` agent and configuring an `{istio}` resource that uses the `istio-csr` agent to process workload and control plane certificate signing requests. The following procedure creates a self-signed `issuer` object.
```

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the {cert-manager-operator} version 1.15.1.
* You are logged in to {ocp-product-title} 4.14 or later.
* You have installed the {SMProduct} Operator.

> * You have `IstioCNI` instance running in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have a `IstioCNI` instance running in the cluster.
```

$ oc create namespace istio-system
----

. Patch the cert-manager Operator to install the `istio-csr` agent by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----

> $ oc -n cert-manager-operator patch subscription openshift-cert-manager-operator --type='merge' -p '{"spec":{"config":{"env":[{"name":"UNSUPPORTED_ADDON_FEATURES","value":"IstioCSR=true"}]}}}'

Reviewer: Because this command is quite long, consider reformatting it, as shown in the OCP docs guidelines: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#backslash-for-long-lines-of-code

spec:
  ca:
    secretName: istio-ca
----

.. Create the objects by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
+
----
$ oc apply -f issuer.yaml
----

.. Wait for the `istio-ca` certificate to contain the "Ready" status condition by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc wait --for=condition=Ready certificates/istio-ca -n istio-system
----

. Create the `IstioCSR` custom resource:

.. Create the `IstioCSR` custom resource similar to the following example:
+
.Example `istioCSR.yaml` file
[source, yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: IstioCSR
metadata:
  name: default
  namespace: istio-csr
spec:
  istioCSRConfig:
    certManager:
      issuerRef:
        name: istio-ca
        kind: Issuer
        group: cert-manager.io
    istiodTLSConfig:
      trustDomain: cluster.local
    istio:
      namespace: istio-system
----

.. Create the `istio-csr` agent by by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
+
----
$ oc create -f istioCSR.yaml
----

> .. Verify if the `istio-csr` deployment is ready by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Verify that the `istio-csr` deployment is ready by running the following command:
```

+
[source, terminal]
+
----
$ oc get deployment -n istio-csr
----

. Install the `istio` resource:
+
[NOTE]
====

> The configuration disables the built-in CA server for {istio} and forwards certificate signing requests from `istiod` to `istio-csr`. The `istio-csr` agent obtains certificates for both `istiod` and mesh workloads from cert-manager. The istiod TLS certificate generated by `istio-csr` is mounted into the pod at a known location for use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration disables the built-in CA server for {istio} and forwards certificate signing requests from `istiod` to the `istio-csr` agent. The `istio-csr` agent obtains certificates for both `istiod` and mesh workloads from the cert-manager Operator. The `istiod` TLS certificate that is generated by the `istio-csr` agent is mounted into the pod at a known location for use.
```
- For clarity, be sure to include the appropriate noun after you reference a resource, variable, parameter, object, etc. I'm not sure what to suggest to add after the term `istiod`.
- Will the intended audience for this procedure know where the "known location for use" is?

====

.. Create the `{istio}` object similar to the following example:
+
.Example `istio.yaml` file
[source, yaml]
----
apiVersion: sailoperator.io/v1
kind: Istio
metadata:
  name: default
spec:
  version: v1.24-latest
  namespace: istio-system
  values:
    global:
      caAddress: cert-manager-istio-csr.istio-csr.svc:443
    pilot:
      env:
        ENABLE_CA_SERVER: "false"
----

.. Create the `{istio}` resource by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
+
----
$ oc apply -f istio.yaml
----

> .. Wait for the `istio` resource to contain the "Ready" status condition by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Verify that the `istio` resource displays the "Ready" status condition by running the following command:
```
Is the user entering the command so that they can wait, or are they entering it so that they can verify that the resource is ready?

Author: This has been confusing for me to draft too. But I will take your suggestion. :) I know the command is about waiting, but not literally as the user will have an action to enter the command. :D
